we all have at least one scene related to
the Japanese animation that has marked us
during our childhood
to start with this one here or
still that you are you only
asked why yes in this new
issue we will come back on some
cult scenes of Japanese animation
by trying to dissect them
hidden messages problematic direction
artistic or music we will see this
who makes these one special is
today in these camps wish it's
when that's the name of the show I was
run out of ideas the more you sense his motion
to hugo hakusho destinations
ayacucho this series from the early years
90 that I was covered on the chain
mangas the chain that needed
absolutely to do with ab1 besides to
the late 90s for all these
fucking animate magic could we
discover this world and then not having
known the dorothée club
I was three years old during the last
broadcast of bat manga and ab1
it was a bit of a must
finally the scene chosen today
is in episode 74 of the line
hot hugo to refocus things
we are currently in the bow
scene am like I call it duke
and his gang finds himself confronted with
direct sequences of the previous art you
just need to know that
now some people have
developed supernatural abilities
in the human world we call them
capabilities the territories but prefers
to say such ito it's more stylish each
nobody a unique ability to these
wacky so much that most
fights will be closer to the
solving a survey that a pk
chibout de kayes
basically it's like the ashes of a
new but better what to summarize
action so a Swiss scene henchman
who calls himself the doctor and who is going
roughly take a whole hostage
armored hospital of civilians thing that is going
propel our favorite hero in a
unprecedented situation accustomed until then to
stubborn at arm's length demos he gets
found for the first time confronted
to an enemy much weaker than him
that he could terrace is so in a
blow but the problem arises
besides by the problem arises on the
nature of this enemy
he is human yusuke so to save
other people will have to get dirty
hands and you're an asshole yes but
human thing that drives him to the
reflection
which is interesting in this scene
apart from the animation and choreography of
crazy is we see a given hero
question ask yourself real questions
on the murder
the good and the bad we see it clearly
all reassembled and it's all the more
marking that rare one asserts the habit
to see a hero leave based on all
his forces without ever causing death or
well another hero who kills one fights
have royally the balls the no this
which was supposed to be just a simple
spire becomes a real test for the
hero in the evolution of not only the
main character but the story in
himself because at that time of the place
hakusho takes a turn never taken
still in the history of shônen the
gets where yes it may sound silly
but to see a hero ask himself the
question whether he should kill or not kill
especially from a guy and below that
can be extremely surprising what
shows that with very little
produce a very very memorable scene
whether it's upset to code or
well by introducing a problematic
just with that this passage from episode 74
remained in the annals
that was pretty much all for this
first scene tell me your impressions
on this new show do not hesitate
not to share the ones you
would like to speak in the show is
this the scene that will have the most of like low
we'll talk about it in the next episode
otherwise it is we who will choose to
instead we do not know too have a sausage
not transpired on the 7 cases where
that you propose but in the program it
there are a lot of things so thank you
do not forget to comment tell us
your impressions of everything is very
important gala